README.md, before:

# E-Commerce ORM 
## By Peter Martin
  
## Table of Contents
  1.[Application Description](#description)
  2.[Usage](#usage)
  3.[Installation Instructions](#installation)
  4.[Licenses](#licensing)
  5.[Testing Inscructions](#testing)
  6.[How to Contribute](#contributing)
  7.[Contact Info](#contact)

## Description
  This is a simple application that combines MYSQL and Express,
  allowing for manipulation of data in an e-commerce company's 
  back end. Users can view, create, update, and delete data associated
  with Products and their related Tags and Categories.
  
## Usage
  The application is initialized by creating the databse in MYSQL, 
  then seeding it with data. When the server is connected, one can use various http requests to Get, Post, Put, or Delete the data.
  
## Installation
  The application uses Node.JS, Dotenv, Express, MYSQL2, and
  Sequelize. 

## Relevant Media ##
  ![screenshot](./screenshot.png)


## Licensing
  This application is licensed by MIT.
  ![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)
  [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
  
## Testing
  Easy to test, try it yourself. You'll need to create a .env file
  that contains DB_NAME, DB_USER, and DB_PASSWORD values.

## Contributing
  Reach me if you'd like to contribute.

## Contact
  [pm-912's GitHub](https://github.com/pm-912)

  <a href = "mailto:peterleemartin@gmail.com" > Email</a>

Commit message:

added readme content, commented out the code. recorded video, submitting now

README.md, after:

# E-Commerce ORM 
## By Peter Martin
  
## Table of Contents
  1.[Application Description](#description)
  2.[Usage](#usage)
  3.[Installation Instructions](#installation)
  4.[Licenses](#licensing)
  5.[Testing Inscructions](#testing)
  6.[How to Contribute](#contributing)
  7.[Contact Info](#contact)

## Description
  This is a simple application that combines MYSQL and Express,
  allowing for manipulation of data in an e-commerce company's 
  back end. Users can view, create, update, and delete data associated
  with Products and their related Tags and Categories.
  
## Usage
  The application is initialized by creating the database in MYSQL, 
  then seeding it with data. When the server is connected, one can use various 
  http requests in Insomnia to Get, Post, Put, or Delete the data.
  
## Installation
  The application uses Insomnia, Node.JS, Dotenv, Express, MYSQL2, and Sequelize. 

## Relevant Media ##
  [A video demonstration of the application's functionality](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Wbtin8SfUYOxg_vgCen5gfiOG38GCSkU/view)

## Licensing
  This application is licensed by MIT.
  ![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)
  [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
  
## Testing
  Easy to test, try it yourself. You'll need to create a .env file
  that contains DB_NAME, DB_USER, and DB_PASSWORD values.

## Contributing
  Reach me if you'd like to contribute.

## Contact
  [pm-912's GitHub](https://github.com/pm-912)

  <a href = "mailto:peterleemartin@gmail.com" > Email</a>
